Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to SNCC.
The third marketplace is experiencing the most compelling innovation in cable television advertising.
First, revolution, now evolution. The New York interconnect from CNR, the winds of change,
and a dynamic new age never before possible in cable television advertising.
First, revolution, now evolution. The New York interconnect from CNR.
What is a man? A man stands proud. A man respects himself. A man shares his strength.
A man protects his family. If you're a man with a woman who's pregnant, help her get the care she needs.
Now, because if you don't, for help, just call.
More excitement. More thrills. And more kids than one guy can handle.
You got a problem with that?
Michael J. Fox.
I love that song.
Me too.
What will you play?
Life with Mikey, rated PG, starts Friday June 4th at a theater near you.
I can't get enough of that Golden Crisp.
Shuffle bears after my Golden Crisp cereal.
Oh, no you don't.
Shuffle bears.
After a little spin ram, Golden Crisp.
Nothing comes between my tummy and the honey-wheat taste of Golden Crisp.
It's part of a complete breakfast.
Free, a set of 30 baseball player cards.
Home run hitters, hot rookies, it's a home run offer.
Free from Golden Crisp or any post cereal with any fireproofs to purchase postage and handling.
Welcome to SNCC, Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning.
Human brain is an amazing thing.
The inventions we brought into this world.
Imagine, 3 billion years of evolution to create this.
Hey, over here.
Mind boggles when you think about evolution.
Especially when you realize our prehistoric ancestors couldn't think at all.
Not with brains about as big as a plonk.
Hey, toss it back, will ya?
They crawled, ate roots and bark.
No one owned Frisbees.
The first giant leap was called Homo Havilus.
Havilus created tools to hunt and dig.
He wasn't really human, but at least he was smarter than a plum.
The next stage in development was Homo erectus.
Erectus discovered fire.
Okay, so it wasn't the microwave, but at least you could cook your food.
Maybe erectus had a bigger brain, but he still smelled worse than a goat.
Then came Homo sapiens, modern humans, us.
Homo sapiens discovered speech so we could give voice to our minds and express our emotions.
What?
Parsnip.
Of course, some quarters have more on their minds than others.
Could you throw back the Frisbee already?
Okay, I'll admit, learning to speak was a big development.
But I'd trade all of our finest achievements.
The automatic teller machine, the five-speed transmission,
and chocolate chip milkshakes.
To never hear Ferguson speak again.
I wonder, could I stand the peace?
Thanks for nothing, barf face.
Or be that lucky.
59 cents.
Whoa, what am I doing?
Who cares about a coupon for canned carrots?
I hate canned carrots, and I hate clipping coupons.
It's a dangerous business.
What looks like a great deal in the newspaper is no bargain on a dinner plate.
Of course, I wouldn't be here at all except for this guy.
Fish face Eddie, the biggest gangster in the state, and my mom's on the jury.
The papers are full of stuff about the trial, so that's why she's not allowed to read the paper.
So who gets stuck doing coupons?
And that, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, is the real human tragedy of organized crime.
Don't want the paper yet?
Why, did you mess all over the carpet again? Bad job, bad job!
Oh, you are in rare form today. You mind hurrying up?
You mind stuffing the sofa in your mouth?
Okay, you just call me when you're done with the paper.
Or if you need any help with the big words.
Wait, what does this word mean?
Fratricide.
Oh, that means killing your brother.
Very funny.
Of course, there is a brighter side to clipping coupons.
You control what the family eats.
And you learn how coupons save money.
For instance, this is the saving on low-fat yogurt, celery, and calcium and rich OJ.
Now here's what you save on candy.
Broke punch.
And single serving strawberry cheesecake.
Huge.
Sure the junk food costs more to start.
Makes you fat and rots your teeth.
But hey, look at the savings.
Won't mom be proud?
What is taking you so long?
It was such a lovely family.
A father, a mother, a daughter.
When out of the news came something so vile.
Look, enough. I just want the paper.
And still he speaks.
Well, I'll tell you, Bergberg,
I got distracted by this letter to the editor.
It's from your real parents on Mars.
It says here they refuse to take you back
because they know how unpopular you are on earth.
Uh-huh, real funny. You know, you can just...
You're a...
Give me your best shot.
You'd like that, wouldn't you?
So you can insult me again.
Well, maybe for once
I won't give you that satisfaction.
You mean you're speechless?
I can't believe it. My prayers are answered.
Until you apologize for your constant insults,
I'm staying silent.
Finally, peace and quiet.
Quiet? Maybe. Peace.
I think not.
Ferguson thinks not.
True words were never spoken.
Are you just gonna sit there saying nothing?
Are you trying to drive me crazy?
Did you know that sometimes crazy people commit murder?
Hey, guys. Is Mom home yet?
Not yet, Dad.
Dad, let's say you wanted to kill your brother.
Would you get a chair or a medal?
Ferguson, isn't one trial of this family enough?
Look at him, Dad.
How he just sits there.
He's doing nothing. That's annoying you?
He's doing nothing on purpose.
Well, Clarissa, that is hardly a capital offense.
Dad, he won't stop.
Well, I don't know how to stop nothing.
Wait a minute.
Is this the silent treatment?
It's a silent treatment, all right.
Well, it's a classic,
and I gotta tell you, sport, it's almost impossible to beat.
I don't know what you did,
but just go ahead and apologize before it really gets to you.
Wait, you think I can't get him to break down?
Well, I've never seen it happen,
except for that one time with the Cracker Derby brothers.
Who were they?
Well, I grew up with these guys, Jim and Jeff Cracker Derby.
Jim didn't talk to his brother for four and a half years
until he finally spoke.
What happened?
Well, he finally yelled,
Watch out!
Just as Jeff got hit by the bus.
Hello. Hello, everybody.
Hey, look who's here.
How'd it go, hon?
Now you know the rules. No talking about the case.
How can you sit on the jury that is trying
to fish-face Eddie and not talk about it,
especially the way they caught him.
The surveillance, the wiretap.
Yeah, the paper says it's the jury.
Now both of you stop.
Oh, come on. We won't tell anybody.
No.
Mom, you're acting like your own house's bug.
Don't be silly. They wouldn't do that.
I mean, they do have all our names in the brasses, Merton.
Testing one, two, three.
Ferguson, you haven't said a word. Are you all right?
Well, this island tree.
Oh, with who? Clarissa?
Yeah.
Oh, well, good luck, dear.
Clarissa, strawberry cheesecakes.
There's no way I'm buying that.
Shut up.
What can make Ferguson break his silence?
Well, that could break his neck.
It's one of the 47 different body parts that I've discovered
when bent just so is guaranteed to produce at least an ouch.
But pain as a solution?
I don't know.
I need a plan. I need inspiration.
I need help.
Hi, Sam.
You're just the man I want to see.
What's up?
If you wanted to do something really awful to someone
guaranteed to make him scream at you, what would you do?
That's easy. I'd ask you.
Come on, Sam.
Fergface won't fight with me, and it's driving me nuts.
Wait a minute. I thought you hate fighting with him.
Do you see? He is fighting by not fighting.
It's the ultimate battle between us.
Worse than any fight before.
He's torturing me, and he's using the silent treatment.
Oh, quit now. Just do whatever he wants.
Apologize and get it over with.
No way.
Now, so far, I've come up with tie-dying all of his underwear,
but that's out because I'd actually have to touch his underwear.
Anything else?
Well, I could mix shampoo with his mashed potatoes,
but Y-Way's perfectly good shampoo.
Well, there's something he used to do,
and scouts that got people pretty mad.
You wait until the guy's asleep,
and then you spread peanut butter in between his toes.
I don't know. Seems pretty juvenile.
Chunky your plane.
How far apart are his toes?
I'd stick to the plane.
Tell me, Sam, is this what you guys learn in scouts?
Well, they try to teach you the basics,
so you grew up right.
I'll try it, but somehow I think I'm going to need something more.
Really?
This is no human child we're talking about.
This is Ferguson.
You just going into the kitchen?
Yeah. Oh.
Is everything all right?
Oh, well, it's probably nothing to worry about,
but there was a little problem with the refrigerator,
so Stewie Stoutenheimer sent over a repairman.
Yeah.
Well, it was a new guy.
Yeah?
Well, how do I know if it was really one of Stewie's men?
It could have been, you know,
somebody working for the government or a fish-face eddy.
Janet, are you getting a little caught up in this trial?
Marshall, if you only knew how they planted that bog on fish-fish,
you would...
Let's just say I had no idea
what they could do with high-tech electronics
and a bowl of stuffed olives.
So you want me to...
Just check the fridge for anything out of the ordinary.
You know, like a microphone or something.
A microphone?
Shh, not so loud.
The cops could be listening.
I want a fish-face as good.
Excuse me. Can I get through?
Everybody okay?
Yeah.
Oh, and Marshall, could you take these coupons in?
I mean, since you're going in anyway.
Oh, sure, that's no problem.
Thanks, dear.
Hey, Sport, what's up?
Tell me, Dad, what is it about little brothers?
Well, you'll have to give me more to go on, Sport.
Those are some magazines they get with instructions
on how to bother everyone.
Or is there some special skills class at school
that girls don't know about
where brothers learn their annoying little habits?
Yeah, what habits are those?
You know, little things like
opening their eyes in the morning,
yawning, breathing.
Is there some sixth sense they possess
which tells them to eat all the peanut butter
just when you've come up with a perfectly amazing use for it?
Oh, boy, Sport, I have never seen
the silent treatment work this fast.
I'm telling you, give it up.
Save yourself the frustration
and live to fight another day.
No way. I'm just warming up.
Sport, I know this sounds crazy,
but have you noticed anything strange about the fridge
or, you know, what's in it?
It's all pretty strange, Dad.
Haven't you noticed?
Mom does most of the cooking.
I just don't know what it is about Ferguson
that keeps us locked in this constant, tragic conflict.
He's like this inflamed tonsil
that just grinds and grinds at you.
Except, of course, tonsils can be removed.
No, it's more like when you bash your big toe
on a table leg.
Every time you think it's finally healed,
you smack it into a door, and suddenly,
you remember your toe still hurts.
That's for the frog, all right?
Just a great big bash toe that just won't heal.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
I'm sorry, but we're all out of the street stuff.
All we had was a kind of peanut butter with jelly
all swirled around inside it already.
That's definitely gross enough.
I have something else.
This is my new computer-aided design software
from the friendly folks at Dr. Torture.
Take a look.
Here's how it works.
You design your project on the screen,
then use it as a blueprint in real life.
See?
When Ferg opens the door, it spins the weighted bike wheel.
That tugs the cord in the plunger
and pulls open the medicine chest door,
breaking this chain of toilet paper,
which sets off the final awful step.
The frying pan falls
out of luck.
What?
Out of the frying pan and into Ferg's face.
That's truly disgusting.
That'll make the neatness freak scream,
and then this stupid silent treatment.
You sure it'll work?
Guaranteed.
I'm gonna nail that squirt.
Clarissa, you can't call him squirt anymore.
He's been growing.
He's taller than you are.
There's height and there's stature, Sam.
Never confuse the two.
I was just wondering,
when I beat you and I announced it to the world,
what should be more embarrassing?
Larger item, one newspaper,
or small ads in every newspaper in the world.
So what you're saying is I should just use my judgment?
Fergenerd,
ultimately you will lose, you know,
and your little silent world will come crashing down on you.
Excuse me, kids. I gotta go.
Wait, Dad.
In a minute, Clarissa.
Dad, you don't understand.
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na.
More Clarissa,
more Snake, after this.
This week, Welcome Freshman
welcomes a special musical guest.
Sing.
It's a special performance
at Hawthorne High
tomorrow at 1230-1130 Central
on Nickelodeon.
Another barbecue.
Everybody's having fun.
It's Wacky Water Whackers!
Fill it!
Spacket!
But don't crack it!
It's Wacky Water Fun!
But back it!
But don't crack it!
Wacky!
Spack it!
But don't crack it!
Wacky Water Wackies comes with two special balloon-breaking wackies
called Wacky Wagger Ball
and lots of balloons from Buddy House.
A haunted house.
It's scary how I love those sweet little posts a week.
A mirror.
I'll shine some light on this mystery.
There they are!
Wacky Wagger Team!
Mine!
And I want a snack to be part of my complete breakfast!
What kids?
You could help Biggum!
Just connect the dots on the back of the box
to see how he gets away!
And for helping,
a free Biggum flashlight with nail-in certificate!
On those occasions,
when you need to make a big splash,
there's the Super Soaker 100.
It has a powerful air-pressure system.
Oh, Buffy!
Range of up to 68.
Crunching spray.
The Super Soaker 100.
It's a water gun of a higher caliber.
Also the 50, or the ultimate, the 200.
Nickelodeon knows that taking care of the earth is a big job,
but you can help just by picking up litter.
If you picked up one piece of litter a day,
you could make a big difference.
So...
If you see a piece of litter, pick it up!
Pick it up!
For more ways that you can help the earth,
keep watching the First Kids Network.
Nickelodeon!
Another barbecue.
Everybody's having fun.
Nice!
It's Wacky Water Whackers!
Fill it!
Smack it!
But don't crack it!
It's Wacky Water Fun!
Put behind the back end.
But don't crack it!
Wack it!
Smack it!
But don't crack it!
Wacky Water Whackers comes with two special balloon-breaking
Wacky Whackers, a Wacky Wacker Ball,
and lots of balloons from Buddy Al.
The World Television Premier of a Disney Favourite.
The adventurous tale of a parcel of precocious puppies
and their perilous plight to escape the clutches
of the creepy Cruella de Vil.
You won't see this anywhere else.
It's 101 Dalmatians, premiering on the Disney Channel.
Watching...
Nick!
And now, back to Clarissa Explains It All.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Okay, I've been silent long enough.
I never realized how long two minutes and 44 seconds could be.
This silent treatment Ferguson's been giving me for days now.
It's become an act of will for him.
Almost a mission.
It's given Ferguson a new reason to live.
Of course, I can't allow that.
The old reason was perfect enough.
My parents brought Ferguson into this world to be my victim.
It's like those nature shows on TV.
I'm the lioness, and he is the world of beasts.
The lunch meat of the jungle.
But now it's time for a silent treatment update.
Because Ferguson isn't all that strange these days.
Last night, Dad was watching that show he likes on public TV.
Suddenly.
It's a term, Dad. It was just a car backfiring.
But for hours, Mom thought Fish Face said he was after her.
Well, Ferguson is starting to upset my normally calm waters.
Dummy.
Mud face.
Barf brains.
I went through the alphabet six times.
There are no more insults.
Not in English.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
I picked up some books that might help you.
Let's see.
A spy spills his secrets.
Torture in the Middle Ages.
Mind, human sacrifice?
Nothing strong enough.
What's this?
Training your parent to talk?
I told you I got everything.
And it came with these seeds.
Thanks, Sam, but I don't think it's gonna work.
Well, I thought we'd get a parent and teacher to talk back to you.
It just wouldn't be the same.
Gotta get things back the way they were with my bird-brained brother.
Me insulting him?
Him insulting me.
It's the American way.
Too bad the way to beat the silent treatment is so sickening.
Well, anyway.
What did you say?
What?
Something about a way to beat the silent treatment.
I thought it was so unbeatable.
Nearly, but no, forget it.
The way to win is just unthinkable in your case.
Sam, there's a way to win at this.
I want to hear it.
Okay, but I warned you.
To beat Ferguson?
Yeah.
You gotta think like Ferguson.
That is a scary thought.
See?
It's hard to believe you could get that way by trying.
Right, so just give in.
Get it over with.
I always hoped Ferguson's devious brain was some sort of industrial accident.
If I think like him, will I have a meltdown?
Just be careful.
What happens if thinking like Ferguson is like crossing your eyes
and doing it too much means you can't undo it?
It's just a risk I'll have to take.
But just to be on the safe side,
I'll go have a chat with the manufacturers.
I was wondering...
Oh, this isn't about the cases,
because I really can't talk about it not this close to the end.
It's not.
I can't imagine what I have to hear day after day.
You don't have to talk about it.
These gangsters are very unsavory,
but not completely without feeling.
You would think that someone locked in the car trunk
would be very uncomfortable,
but with a few air holes, no?
Oh, I really shouldn't talk about the case.
Probably not.
But Mom, now, what was it you wanted to ask me?
Just a question about...
Oh, is it a yes or no question?
That's the way they ask the questions in court.
And if the witness tries to elaborate,
he yells, just answer the question, please, yes or no?
Yeah.
Right.
Like today,
Fishface Eddie's maid was on the stand.
Oh, you got to watch yourself with her.
You could end up with a feather duster in your...
I better not talk about it.
Better not, Mom.
But, um, I was just wondering,
when Ferguson was a baby,
were there any traumatic experiences
that made him like he is today?
I mean, there wasn't a mirror in his crib or anything,
was there?
Ferguson?
As a baby?
Oh, I wish you could remember.
He was the sweetest little boy you ever saw.
He never gave us any trouble or a sleepless night.
Not like that, Fishface Eddie.
They say that he was a tariff
from the day he was born.
And even as an infant,
he would scratch and bite.
And he had this awful thing he used to do
to the other children with this diaper.
They weren't like...
What?
We were talking about Ferguson.
Oh, that's right.
Well, let's see.
Um, right from the start,
we knew that he would be different from you.
He kept to himself mostly.
You had lots of little playmates.
You know, it's funny.
Fishface was a loner, too.
They say a lot of psychopaths
start out that way,
and he had these terrible habits.
When he was only seven,
he blew all his milk money on whiskey
and cheap cigars.
Clarissa, the trial ends tomorrow.
I'm the closer we get to finishing,
the more that's all I want to talk about.
That's okay, Mom. I understand.
I guess it really isn't safe for us to continue this.
Maybe after tomorrow?
Sure, Mom.
I've just got to understand how his brain ticks.
Well, maybe you'd like to talk it over with your father.
Yeah, okay.
But remember, Clarissa, I'm your mother,
and I'm always here for you.
Thanks, Mom.
These mother-daughter chats are so beneficial.
Okay, sport. What's on your mind?
Whoever coined the phrase, know your enemy,
never knew Ferguson.
Oh, yeah. Is he, uh...
Is he still staying silent?
It's amazing.
I never thought I'd miss the sound of his voice
as much as I do.
Yeah.
Well, you could call it off.
Apologize, tell him he won the game.
Apologize? Never.
Just this once?
I'd rather gargle with your aftershave.
He'll glow for the rest of his life.
Well, maybe he deserves to win once in a lifetime.
No way.
He'll taunt me and tease me
and tell everybody and...
What is it, sport?
It might work. It just might work.
It's the kind of sick, devious thing he would do
if he had a brain as big as that swollen head of his.
Oh, come on, sport, now.
Nothing violent. Just promise me that, okay?
Don't worry, Dad.
It's just that I think I'm starting to think like him.
Now, let's just hope the side effects
won't be too long-lasting.
You know, I'm not supposed to be in your room,
but when I tell you why I'm here, you'll forgive me.
You win.
I give up. It pains me, but I confess.
You beat me.
I take back everything that I ever said about you.
I mean, all of your superior intelligence
and amazes me, even associate with lower slugs like us.
I want you to treat me like the inferior bucket of slime I am.
Let me bask in your glow of greatness.
Go ahead.
Play that tape for the entire world to hear.
You all know that I think you are everything and I am nothing.
Ferguson, once and for all, I am truly honestly sorry.
Yes, yes, I did it.
I finally got a real tape. Dad, Dad, you're going to hear this.
You got it?
Boy, is he going to get it.
Dad, she admitted I...
I don't hear anything.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Something's wrong.
Oh, Ferguson, do these belong to you?
Too bad.
Now, what was it you say I said?
I'll kill you. I hate you. You creep!
I hate you!
I can't believe it.
Oh, good. Here, hun. Taste this.
Janna, you look upset. What happened?
He coughed to plea.
What?
Fishface said he agreed to plead guilty to a lesser crime.
That means the case is over.
Great. Does this need basil?
Great. Hold this time. We couldn't talk because it would affect our decision.
Now we don't even get to decide. It's all a waste.
Oh, those awful lawyers, those awful gangsters.
Well, at least it's over.
Do you know how destructive I got?
You know that coupon for cheese case Clarissa kept putting in my bag?
Well, I actually bought them.
Now what is this family going to do with cheese case?
Please, Mom.
Wonderful.
Get ready now to examine the relationship between a girl
and her genes.
Between work and a play.
Between two lips.
It's all next when you sneak at the roundhouse.
Clarissa explains it all was taped in Nickelodeon studios
at Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida.
Luigi! No!
Do anything.
Luigi!
Invite anyone.
I don't think you want to do that.
To save the princess.
You got a problem with that?
Where the game ends.
I'm not riding with you anymore.
The adventure begins.
Are you all right?
Super Mario Brothers, rated PG.
Now playing at a theater near you.
Check newspaper for showtimes.
You're now fully trained, Fishface.
You have your assignment and your special equipment.
When you want a special water gun,
you want the Super Soaker multi-directional Soaker.
Like our regular Super Soakers,
the MDS delivers a great cheap spray.
But it also has an extra feature.
A nozzle that lets you cover your flanks.
The Super Soaker MDS.
These water guns a whole new twist.
Also available the Super Soaker bow and arrow.
Come on, Joey.
Fright testing, turning care.
Relay, relay, good stuff.
Attention all Muppet fans.
Make way this Memorial Day Monday
for an amazing amount of Muppets
in their most marvelous moments.
It's Muppet Mania,
all this Monday starting at 2-1 Central on Nick.
Shakespeare, Jack Off, Ibsen,
Mr. Hargrader from Speech 2 Class.
Men like these have ensured for all time
that kids all over the world
will eventually have to put on tights,
silly wigs, make up,
and be forced on stage by their mothers
to appear in the school play.
This is just a reminder.
Try out for the school player tomorrow afternoon.
Now because of the poor turnout last year,
Mr. Hargrader is requiring all students to try out.
Get me a ray!
What are you, some kind of thespian?
You're representing a girl's home
where she's trying to talk to her dad.
I really like to try out for the new school play,
but my friend Melissa wants to try out too.
So do you think I owe it to her?
Hey, please, not right now. I gotta watch TV.
First came 550 Relaxed Fit Jeans for Extra Comfort.
Then came 560 Loose Fit Jeans for Unrestricted Mobility.
Now Lehigh's announces the ultimate in oversized denims.
New 5-001 Behemoths.
Go ahead, dive into a pair.
Now that's a fashion statement.
What do you do when you're Lehigh's 5-001s?
I used mine to smother an oil well fire in Kuwait.
I'm housing a family of six in my left leg.
5-001s also make it possible for a new kind of closeness.
Sharing your jeans with a loved one.
5-001s, they're gonna be really big this fall.
Nothing comes between me and my 5-001s, except maybe Montana.
Man, a stuffed kid's wear these days.
What a cat owner to do.
You've tried sprays and collars,
but still those fleas come back again and again.
Well, now you can get rid of them for good with the new
Hertz Flea Flogger,
the flea flogger that kills fleas where they live.
On your dog!
Man, this stuff has gotten too violent. I better turn it off.
Tired of having to get up to turn off the lights or appliances?
Yes.
They get the new wrapper from BroCo.
Now you can just wrap on and wrap off.
Relax, dude, and keep your seat
because I can wrap this off and never skip a beat.
Hey, that's pretty good. Let me see if I can wrap it back on.
I wanna turn on my TV set.
So watch me rapping. Here I go.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on, Dad.
You gotta get on the 2nd and 4th beat.
You're doing that white man thing on the 1 and the 3.
All right, kick it.
This rapping thing is really getting me bugged,
so turn your butt off before I pull your plug.
Get out of here.
That's the new wrapper from BroCo.
Wrap on! Wrap off!
Word to your mother. Here she is now.
Hi!
Mom, can you talk to me? Dad has to watch TV.
Oh, sure.
What do you wanna talk about?
Okay, well, I wanna try out for the lead in the school play, right?
Well, my friend Melissa, she wants the part too, so what do I do?
Oh, well, just because Melissa wants the part
doesn't mean she's gonna get it.
Listen, when I was your age...
What?
Honey, can you help me out here?
I need a transition into the next scene.
What are you looking at me for?
As this ever happened to you,
you're cruising through a show
just gliding along without a care
when all of a sudden, wham!
Everything just slips out of gear
and you slam headlong into the next sketch.
Ah, I'm Claude Akin from Namco Transitions.
Could be you need a new transition.
Or maybe not transit.
Take me to the play tryouts, please.
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this.
He's back. He's the MTV Movie Awards.
Black tie too hot to handle.
Chasing the chances.
There was a man with the corpse.
Treachery and love.
Hosted by Eddie Murphy.
The exerting and tantalizing MTV Movie Awards.
Wednesday, June 9th on MTV.
Who's Kirby?
Behind the flabby facade of physical powerhouse.
A street fighter.
A weapons expert.
He's whatever the situation demands.
In Kirby's adventure,
evil King D.D. stolen Dreamland's dreams.
Now Kirby's fighting to get him back.
Level by nightmarish level.
That's Kirby.
He's cute.
You cross him, then he's one tough cream puff.
Kirby's adventure, new on NES.
And for cool style, just watch him fly.
Zip cord gliders.
Spread your wings and fly.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
You guys are feeling a little hesitant to try out for the school play,
so I brought in someone very special
to talk to you a little about the importance of acting.
My name is Arnold Seisenhausen.
As an actor, you must master the classic lines such as
I'll be back.
And which way to the bank?
First, we come to the love scene.
Take the woman into your arms.
Look tenderly into her eyes.
And snap a neck buck sharply breaking into one quick motion.
Mr. Seisenhausen, doesn't anyone ever complain
about the violence in your movies?
Recently, a group of concerned mothers came to visit me
to lodge a complaint.
I took them into my arms.
Look tenderly into their eyes.
And snap the neck buck sharply breaking them
into one quick motion.
Remember, it's not enough to be good.
You've got to knock them dead.
Okay, people, come together.
Come together. It's time for the auditions.
Now, remember, there are no small roles,
only small people.
Little Theta Hulma.
Oh, hi, Melissa.
Oh, hi, Judi.
You're not trying out, are you?
Yeah.
Who ever hurt?
Oh, Rebecca.
I forgot it.
What makes you so sure?
I've got something you don't.
A daged mother.
You're hard if you don't give me the part.
I'm a daged mother.
And I'll go right for your throat.
If I don't get the throat I want.
I'm a daged mother.
I'm over the hill.
I've got no talent, you see.
So I've got to live vicariously.
And I will throw up your life.
You should cause any strife for me.
I'm a daged mother.
Listen up, I'm telling you.
I'll let you cross the line.
She's a bad man.
Listen up, I'm telling you.
I'll let you cross the line.
She's a bad man.
I'll run you down.
If you don't give me the part.
I'm a daged mother.
You'll be feeding my clothes.
If I don't hear the applause.
I'm a daged mother.
I've got no respect.
You expect all the things that I did.
So I've got to make the world so up to my kids.
You're going to bet you're behind.
She's going to have the most life.
Rock and roll.
Because she's got it.
Hey, you saw.
You know she's got it.
You might as well not try out there, Jody.
My Melissa's got the part all suing up.
Yep, she's a natural talent.
Ever since she was this high she's been a performer.
Yep, she's a real crowd pleaser.
Yeah, well, that may be, but I'm still going to try.
Well, I'm surprised you want to get up on that stage there.
With that big buddy of yours.
My introducing Dr. Loretta Currens,
my buttocks, my friend.
The new videotape that helps you stop fighting with except,
and yes, befriend your buttocks.
Just watch.
Hello, I'm Dr. Curren.
With my new videotape, my buttocks, my friends.
You'll learn how to befriend your buttocks
by giving it a name.
I thought me and the ponderosa might just stay home.
What are you and Lumpy doing?
Get Dr. Curren's new video today.
And you'll say, this is my buttocks, my friend.
And remember, I'm not just the buttocks club president.
I'm also a client.
It's time to be kind to your behinds.
Right, so boy?
Look at what anybody says.
I'm getting my butt back to that audition.
Okay, you three, let me see you do the combination.
Five, six, seven, eight.
What is this?
What?
This.
You know, that's the way we dance.
Please.
This is not a playground.
This is not the street.
This is the theater.
And in the theater, we dance like this.
Wake up, wake up, it's a neat old day.
When the sun comes out, it's time to play.
Woo, that's ugly.
You see, we're looking for something a little more
mainstream.
You know, something a little more vanilla.
You mean something kind of geeky and insincere?
Yes, exactly.
Next.
Hey kids, just because the musicals of the
yesteryear neglected people of color,
doesn't mean you have to feel left out.
Really?
I thought in order to be in the school play,
you had to be, you know,
Wipered.
Well, never fear, because now there's new
whities.
The new breakfast cereal from Chameleon Mills.
It'll have you acting as white as the milk you pour on it.
After just a few bowls, you'll go from dancing like this
to dancing like this.
Then do the white bread smile.
The secret white bread handshake.
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay.
And the all-important white bread walk.
Deering Wall Street slang.
Gee, Willikers, Tom, how's that darn golf game, huh?
Well, Phil, hey, give me five.
Not too hard, mind you, I'm playing squash
with little Jackie Peterson next Tuesday.
Delightful, lad.
You don't say?
Yes, I do.
I do indeed, my good man.
So start your day off right with whities,
part of this ethnically balanced breakfast.
Look for your free autographed Bryant Gumball garden
in every box.
Hi, Jody.
Hi, but...
Congratulations, you got the lead in the school play.
The lead?
Oh, wow!
Oh, thanks.
Hey, are you gonna play my leading man?
Didn't you hear about Dwayne Davis?
Dwayne Davis, the biggest geek in the whole school.
What about him?
He's playing the male lead.
I was really hoping you'd get that part.
No, I'm just the understudy.
But don't feel sorry for me.
Didn't you read the script at the end of Act II?
You and Dwayne Davis have to kiss.
Powerful air pressure system.
Oh, Buffy!
Range of up to 60 feet.
Trenching spray.
The Super Soaker 100.
It's a water gun of a higher caliber.
Also the 50, or the ultimate, the 200.
From Touchstone Pictures, Barry Corman...
Cut!
...is the serial king.
He's so cute at this age.
I'm up to the slap-flap date today.
What am I, Job?
Well, now that's not gonna show up on screen, is it?
...and the only thing worse than being his mother...
Mom, get a life.
...is being his agent.
Would you boys like anything?
They're fine.
Fine.
Yeah, we would skip buying whatever falls out of Barry's mouth.
Michael J. Fox.
I gotta get into character.
What character?
All you gotta do is swallow.
Life with Mikey, rated PG.
Starts Friday, June 4th at a theater near you.
Super Netball.
Another great squish product from Cap Toys.
Who else?
We now return to Roundhouse & Snick.
Only on Nick.
This is the phone company.
Please do not answer the phone in the next 60 seconds,
or the person on the other line will be electrocuted.
Hey, you could save up to 20% on those calls.
Really? How?
With the new IP&P crank calling card,
it's all part of our Strangers in Enemy's plan.
Hello?
Can I speak to Ashton?
Please.
Sorry, wrong number.
Oh, sorry.
You supply us with a list of your enemies,
and we'll supply you with a list of Strangers.
Hello?
Can I speak to Ishmael, please?
There's no Ishmael here.
Each time you call a member on this list,
you'll get an additional 20% off on our already low crank rate.
Hello?
This is Ishmael.
Has anybody called for me?
A year subscription to Grit Magazine.
COD, of course.
Hello?
Can you page Mike Rowan?
Oh, sure.
Mike Rowan, please.
Mike Rowan, that creep Dwayne Davis.
Ew, and girls were just born with beautiful lips.
But until now, lush, full lips were only available to those with great genes.
Or the money for expensive collagen implants.
But now there's something new.
Crasson lips from Flea.
Yes, they're hot.
They're sexy.
Invest of all their only 65 cents.
Use them to get as close as you want.
Hey, babe.
Great lips.
How about a kiss?
Or keep your distance.
Hey, Cindy, nice lips.
How about a smooth to rule?
Thanks, Flea.
That's Flea Press on Lips.
Available in big, pouty, and grotesque.
Do not expose to direct sunlight.
Okay, people.
Come together.
Now listen, we're going to do the love scene now.
And no giggling.
Creep Dwayne Davis was wearing Flea Press on Lips too.
I have never been so humiliated.
I guess they stuck together underneath those hot stage lights.
Or maybe it was that hot kiss.
Oh, do not make me void my lunch all over your loafers.
Get ready for your starting debut, honey.
The journey got...
Never underestimate the power of a stage mother.
We have ways of getting what we want.
I hate drivers' ed class.
Not me.
I get to scope it all up off guys.
Oh, yeah, he's pretty cute.
Now then, when you come to a red light,
what's the first thing you do?
Don't you just hate getting caught fishing
for finger-trouted red lights?
I had an itch.
Yeah, right.
Well, worry no more with new booger blockers from Snotco.
The nasal shade that allows you to just
pick away to your heart's content.
With new booger blockers, the only thing you have to worry about
is where you're going to stick it.
Okay, people, we're going to take this from the top.
Now remember, the name of the play is Idaho.
I want everybody here to think potato.
I'd say that was much, much better.
Now let's try a little bit of the tater wagon.
Dwayne's performance, the part of Skeeter,
will be played by Brian Lee instead of Dwayne Davis.
Now Dwayne's parents can pick up his remains at the loading dock.
I'll cruise the theme song and roll the credits.
Well, everybody can see so that I can find them.
In between a cat and a dog.
Please watch out for more.
The Brennan Stimpy Show, next on Snick.
Snick will continue after these messages.
Part one, more New York City stories
from more New York City places
because we take the time to do it right.
24 hours a day, only on cable TV, on Channel One.
In Harlem, Jonathan Dees.
From Madison Square Garden, Carol Ann Riddell, New York.
The Bronx, Dominate Carter, New York One.
New York City News for New Yorkers.
24 hours a day, we take the time to do it right.
New York One, because there's only one New York.
Let's go.
Hey, how about some zoom ball?
Once you played zoom ball, life seems a bit slower.
As the fastest glide you've ever tried,
it's there and back in less than a second.
Zoom ball from Pressman.
Let's go.
Interrupt this program for a special report.
This is ace reporter, Ren Hoek,
here in Times Square to have a word with our returning boys.
Ah, here's one now.
Excuse me, Mr. Horse.
That's Private Horse, civilian.
Tell me, Private Horse, how does it feel to be home?
Mmm, good. Mighty good.
Yes, sir, I think America is the greatest country in the world.
Yes, sir, I like it.
How do you feel about the president's decisions
during this terrible crisis?
President? Got to know about the president, eh?
All right, that's the way it is.
I think the president did what he had to do.
A lot of people suffered, including me.
But I would have done the same thing had I been in his hooves.
Yes, sir, I would.
It's our duty to make America a safe place for our kids to graze in.
Say, who's this pretty lady? Is that your fiancee?
No, it's my sheep.
Well, there you have it, straight from the horse's mouth.
I'm Wren Hoek, ace reporter.
I just love to hear from our fans.
Don't you, Stimpy?
Yeah, yeah, Wren.
Hey, listen to this one.
It's from little Anthony.
He says, dear Wren and Stimpy,
I hope you can visit us in our country.
The United States of America.
And please bring your costumes.
Sign Anthony.
What do you say, Wren?
Sure thing, pal.
Enjoy.
Happy.
We better kiss the wives goodbye.
We're off to America.
And then Stimpy will have to ask your father,
but it's all right with me.
So much fun father sees.
Let's... I have the real Wren and Stimpy.
Half in person?
You guys are so funny.
Off.
Will you do that thing where your eyes bug out
and veins fill up on him?
And you look all ugly and everything?
Now, wise up, kid.
That's a trick.
I'm done with puppets and stew meat.
Wren, at least give it a try.
He loves you.
Okay, kid. Watch.
I'll show you the secret.
My best friends,
let's never go to sleep.
Never go to sleep.
Mother doesn't find out about this.
My word, people.
Let's get something straight here.
I don't like you.
I don't like cartoons.
You're here for one reason.
My son, Anthony, likes you.
And as long as you're good to my boy,
you can stay.
But if you do anything
to destroy his beliefs,
I'll harm him in any way.
So help me.
Excuse me.
Don't you even put that picture in my head?
Do we understand each other?
We understand very well.
Yes, son.
Stimpy, come out and play.
Oh, yes, son.
You should play with your swell new friends.
Remember what I said.
Your new friends, Anthony.
I miss cartoon stars.
Oh, yeah, sure.
You're not Wren Hoek.
You're not even a Chihuahua.
You're some kind of deformed mosquito or something.
Don't talk to me like that.
I'm a hollywood big shot.
I'll twist your head.
I suppose you're Stimpy, the stupid cat.
Here, I'll give you something you really like.
Happy? Happy?
Jolly? Jolly?
My friend.
Like I even believe a fart like you would be friends with Wren and Stimpy.
It's time I see you, kid. You're dead meat.
Nice going, son.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wren, Stimpy, and Snick will be back after these messages.
America's hot new number, 1-800-collect.
America's least expensive way to call someone collect.
Nothing ever moved me as much as the letter from the little boy.
And one of my clients gave a gift in my name to get a puppy for a little boy.
This little boy had leukemia.
And then I got the letter.
Thank you for buddy. He even sleeps with me at night.
I never met you, but I love you.
I can't tell you how that gift made me feel.
Find out about gifts that give back. Call now.
I never met you, but I love you.
I love video scavenger hats.
Spotted dogs, twins, rock group, group headstand.
Got it. Twins?
I always see twins. And McDonald's.
Spotted dogs.
Hey, a rock group.
I always see red convertibles.
At McDonald's.
We're doing great.
Look, twins.
I knew we'd find everything at McDonald's.
But why don't you say something?
If you really want to get someone wet, there's one sure way to go about it.
The Super Soaker 200.
The genuine Super Soaker 200.
Think of it as a waterfall you can aim.
Super Netball, take your best shot.
Play Super Netball.
The action shouldn't catch game with the power of stretch net.
That seems to switch Super Netball over 100 feet.
Super Netball, yeah. Super hot.
Super Netball, another great squish product from Cap Toys.
Who else?
Another Nick profile, named Andy, age nine.
Favorite TV show, Nicktoons.
Favorite food, bird seeds.
Huh? Best friend, Lenny Adler.
I'm Lenny.
Nickelodeon, tuned into kids.
And they're pets too.
At the start.
Just a passing glance.
Just a brief romance.
Fascination turned to love.
Get off my son.
Oh, Anthony.
My beloved child.
I know I strayed from your path.
And maybe I don't go to church often enough.
But you know I'm a good man.
I don't ask for much.
But I'm asking for this one thing.
Please, don't take my boy from me.
Give him a couple more good weeks.
I didn't do it, man.
All right, you two.
You march into the house.
Meet me in the...
All right, boy.
Just take it easy.
Be brave with me.
Hush now.
Daddy, we'll make them pay.
A's are big.
Is that what makes you feel big?
Pushing little boys around?
You feel like big men playing with little boys' feelings, huh?
You Hollywood type.
Because you come from Hollywood,
you can push decent people around.
People who work for a living.
I work my fingers to the bone
to feed my wife and my boy, Anthony.
Anthony, you've got to pull through.
Bet you wussies never worked a stinkin' day
in your stinkin' little lives.
Show me your hands.
Just as I thought.
Soft is a baby's head.
Well, look at these hands.
These are the hands of a working man.
What'd you ever do for society anyway?
Just what do you do to earn your keep?
Well, we make people laugh.
Real hard work.
Making people laugh.
Did you go to school to make people laugh?
Listen, I make people laugh, too.
But nobody gives me money.
You want to hear a joke?
Well, I'll tell you a joke,
and you're gonna laugh.
All right.
Here's the joke.
You ready?
Why did they bury the fireman
behind the hill?
Funny, guys, huh?
Why?
Why did they bury the fireman behind the hill?
I'll tell you why.
Because he was dead.
That's pretty good, huh, Ren?
Maybe we can use that.
All right, funny, guys.
I want to know something.
I just want to know one thing.
So what makes you guys move anyway?
Hey, honey, bring Anthony in here.
You gotta see this.
Hey, funny, guys.
Do it again for my boy.
I love those guys.
Discuss the current world crisis.
Today's residing chairman is Mr. Horse.
Mr. Horse.
Today we face a world crisis.
Yet, while initial indications
would suggest a political backwash
that characterizes the devastating
brouhaha we face today,
your administration has refused
to budge on these compromise proposals.
Nevertheless, many believe a relief effort
emphasizing the urgency of the situation
would serve as sort of a catalyst
during a slow global upswing.
Foreign interests may be moderately optimistic,
but superpower co-sponsors have left
a generally negative impression in the way
of political failure.
Well, Mr. Horse, what I'm getting at is
just what is your opinion
of the world's situation today?
Las cucaraches entran, pero no pueden salir.
No, sir. He doesn't like it.
Thank you, Mr. Horse.
Can you have a relationship with someone you can't even see?
Oh, no. Forget that stuff.
You can if you stay tuned for Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Next on Snick.
Saturday night has arrived,
and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
Right here, this is my father.
His name is James Reese,
and he really does like to play basketball.
See, take it out.
Thank you, Dad.
I am better than my dad.
I don't think so.
He's better than I am.
And Dad proved it, huh?
I love the taste of milk, Max.
It's a great taste.
Which is why, for the pleasure of a tall, tasty glass,
I do almost anything.
For the smooth, cool goodness of milk,
I fly to the farthest galaxy.
For the cold, refreshing taste of milk,
I crawl through the burning wasteland.
For one, satisfying yummy gulp of milk,
I'd stretch myself to the limits.
I do homework, Max.
Wow, milk.
It tastes so good.
Help sordoms stack up and make them disappear.
One player.
Two players.
Four, four.
Yoshi's Cookie on NES and Game Boy.
Red or blue?
He's smart.
Two.
Double dunk to the floating basketball game from Buddy L.
On those occasions, when you need to make a big splash,
there's the Super Soaker 100.
It has a powerful air pressure system.
Oh, Buffy.
Re-engine up to 60 feet.
Crunching spray.
The Super Soaker 100.
It's a water gun of a higher caliber.
Also the 50, or the ultimate, the 200.
Sparkling Play-Doh makes the coolest designs.
Keep sparkling Play-Doh.
Everybody over now.
Not everybody over here.
Oh, that trick.
Yeah, well, you're one sick little puppy.
You know that?
So your dad really owns this place?
Yeah.
So I get all my story ideas.
There's all sorts of strange and voodoo and cold stuff in here.
About your story is scary.
I shouldn't be telling you this, but...
Well...
Some of the guys have been saying that they haven't been too scary lately.
Who said that?
I don't know.
What are these?
Super specs.
They give you X-ray vision.
Whoa, Yaza!
Give me a break.
What's the matter? You don't believe in magic?
Oh, when you do.
Maybe I do, maybe I don't.
Sometimes it's best to keep an open mind
and be ready for surprises.
Yeah, well, if you ask me, I think he's slipping big time.
No way. Gary tells the best stories.
Oh, the good stories. Yeah.
Frank's right.
I can't remember the last time Gary really scared me.
He scared me!
Sorry I'm late.
Uh, David can't make it tonight. He's, uh, sick.
That's okay.
Kiki was just saying how your stories
haven't been too scary lately anyway.
I'm gonna smack you.
Not scary, huh?
Well, why don't you give me a shot tonight?
I'll see what I can do.
And the boss?
The story of God is about three kinds of people.
People who believe in magic,
people who don't,
and people who should.
Submit it for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story
one of the superspects.
Weeds was at the magic and tricks in a big way.
And since April Fool's Day was coming up,
she had to get ready.
The dust of Denduron,
powder monkey bones,
you know, crucial epi-bullish spell.
I thought we were going to the movies.
Later, later, I'm casting a spell.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, here it is.
It's the spell of the second cycle.
Bumbu,
tubu,
sunrage.
Doing.
I don't know. It's just some kind of voodoo spell.
Weeds, we've been seeing each other for what?
Like a long time now, right?
Yeah, two weeks.
I'm beginning to think that you're not very mature.
What makes you say that?
This is good.
We're so gross.
Can we go now?
Hey, time's over.
Bye now, or...
Bye now.
Okay, Mr. Sardarov.
I'll take...
It's Sardarov.
No, mister.
Accent on the toe.
Yeah, look,
I'll take these and the monkey bones, too.
April Fool's Day tomorrow.
He's got his stock up.
Yes.
Very nice.
Have you seen our vomit?
Hey, hey, what are these?
Ah, you have a sharp eye.
I've sold hundreds and thousands of those.
What do they do?
Some say they give you X-ray vision.
How's that?
Give me a break.
Look, I'll take these, too.
I'll ring you up.
Come on, try them on. They're cool.
I won't wear those in my funeral.
And be lightin' up. Put them on, they're cool.
Cool?
Have you seen anything?
No, it's stupid.
What was what?
Sardarov's got you a little wacko.
I haven't pulled any April Fool stunts on this yet.
That's stupid kid stuff.
Yeah, but you're a stupid kid.
Man, I knew it was gonna be a rip-off.
What's with him?
Oh, man, you should have seen your face.
Great, thanks.
What are those?
Don't you know these are magic glasses that make you look cool?
They have to be magic to make weeds look cool.
Don't I look cool or do I just look gaga?
It doesn't matter.
Strange woman.
April Fool's.
I'm not kidding. I saw somebody.
I mean, look, I give up.
No more magic, okay?
You don't believe me.
Oh, come on, MB.
What do you take me for? Some kind of doofus?
Don't even answer that.
Look, I'm not lying.
Every time I put these stupid specs on, I see...
She's there. Look by the tree.
Look, this is getting really old, MB.
You don't see her?
Yes.
H-O-R-S, sucker.
Miss this, and you're done.
Raja...
Say what?
This is all in it this time, okay, baby?
This one is going in.
Oh, I hate this game.
That's two sodas, dude.
You owe me two.
So I came out of the school, put on the glasses,
and she was there by the tree.
So she just stood there staring at me,
and then she, like, pointed at me.
Who was it?
I don't know.
Maybe with some kind of stupid trick weeds is playing.
The guy's strange.
Nobody bought me for a one-week anniversary.
What?
Some stupid book on mummies or something.
I got it right.
What's the matter?
I thought you threw him away.
Tune in to Nick News W5 and tune in to Your World.
Boom.
What does it take to be immature?
Why?
When trying to be beautiful gets ugly.
Where?
A school that feels kids with different abilities
learn more when they learn together.
It's all on Nick News W5 this week.
Nick News, Your World, Your News.
Tomorrow at 8, 7 Central,
on the network that's tuned in to kids.
We have a theater near you.
Check newspaper for showtimes.
Another Kellogg's Corn Flakes Morning
with Cornelius Rooster.
Nothing gets you crowing in the morning
like the crisp corn taste of Kellogg's Corn Flakes.
They're part of your complete breakfast.
How about a souvenir helmet of your favorite ball team?
It's free with four proofs from Kellogg's Corn Flakes.
How about a game?
Whoa.
Fastball.
Attention all Muppet fans,
make way this Memorial Day Monday
for an amazing amount of Muppets
in their most marvelous moments.
It's Muppet Mania, all this Monday
starting at 2-1 Central on Nick.
Now, the sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Man, she should have burned those specs
or chucked them in the garbage disposal.
But the apparitions weren't really there.
Or were they?
She didn't know.
All Marybeth knew was
she could see them through the specs.
So what did she do?
The only thing she could think of.
She went looking for weeds.
Maybe he knew what was going on.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down, slow down.
What's the matter?
Whenever I put these specs on.
Sardow.
No mister accent on the dough.
Sardow, I need to speak to you.
I'm all out of vomit. Try me Tuesday.
No, it's specs my boyfriend bought.
Sorry, no guarantees.
If they don't work, that's your never mind.
They do work.
Let's see, let's see, let's see.
Scourge.
Pestilence.
No, here it is, here it is.
The Spell of Second Sight.
That's it, that's the spell we'd stood.
It's got to be what's making this happen.
It is?
Yes, it is, of course.
Am I like seeing ghosts or something?
Ghosts? No, no, no, no, no.
What you're seeing is
another dimension.
That's the second sight.
Another dimension?
Exactly.
You see, there are beings
all around us,
all the time,
that we can't see
because they're
in another dimension.
That's really creepy.
The spell must have
opened up a window,
probably at your house,
and those specs
allow you to see into
a parallel universe.
I've got a parallel
universe in my house.
Apparently.
And once the window
is open,
the beings can
cross over into our dimension,
and
well, I don't mean
to scare you,
but they could
take over.
Very dangerous, very dangerous.
So let's just go over to my house
and close the window.
Yes, well, you see,
the casting spell is easy.
One casting
can be tricky.
You need an expert,
someone who is familiar
with the counterspells
and how to cast them.
Do you know the counterspells?
Naturally.
But I have expenses.
What do they cost?
$50.
What?
All right, $20.
But I'm losing on the deal.
Okay, I guess.
Good, good, good, good.
Now then, let's see, let's see.
Where's the...
Uh-oh.
Where?
Uh, the Duster Dendron.
I...
I'm out. I had some here.
I must have sold the last pouch
to...
to your wife.
That's the Dendron, you big rip-off.
Prepare for a burial at...
at your smoky bones.
Stop!
You flush this dust and you're going in after it.
A-la-ca-zam.
A-la-zam.
A-la-ca-zam and a crystal ball.
Come on, who does he think he's kidding?
Can we, like, get this done
before my parents come home?
Shh!
I need to concentrate.
I thought you didn't believe in this stuff, Marybeth.
Mmm.
The window.
The window into another dimension.
We must close the window.
Oh, brother.
A-dang-bun-ay.
We must close the window.
Send them back.
Don't you need the dust?
The what?
The dust, yes, yes, yes.
It doesn't work, trust me.
Bum-bun-ay.
I am very, very embarrassed for this guy.
I think we did it.
There was no cause to be worried.
I had everything under control.
You know, magic is very much...
But I'll throw up.
I'm partnered with the cosmic seal.
Two universes cannot exist on the same plane.
That must be restored.
Bum-bun-ay.
Universe.
A house?
Yes.
I closed the window.
Funny thing is,
they were trying to get rid of you, too.
Have they gone for good?
I thought they bothered you.
Oh, man.
No way.
Excellent.
So, two universes were fighting for the same space.
And the other universe won?
Exactly.
Because the woman in black was powerful,
and Sardo was a fake.
That Sardo accent on the do.
Great story.
Here's why I was late.
Respects.
I outlined for everybody an April Fool's gift.
Didn't cast any spells on him, did you?
No, don't worry. They're safe.
Now, when I count three, everybody put them on.
One.
Two.
Three.
Guess your story was scary enough tonight.
Guess so.
April Fool's.
Are you sitting down?
Well, don't get up,
because up next is very, very shocking.
Four classic TV shows
that can make grown men faint.
And the unbelievable, unforgettable moments
start with a classic but shocking episode
of F Troop.
Next.
Nick at night's very, very requested
wants to hear from you.
We want to know your favorite episode.
Keep watching for details.